Add missing tutorials in the sidebar and overview (#334)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/tutorials/tutorials.md

- [Heat exchanger: simplified](tutorials-heat-exchanger-simplified.html): A simplified version of the heat exchanger tutorial. Apart from a simpler geometry, that case is transient and using the implicit multi-coupling scheme, with Dirichlet-Neumann coupling..
- [Partitioned heat conduction: complex setup](tutorials-partitioned-heat-conduction-complex.html): A partitioned heat conduction case with FEniCS, showcasing advanced features and geometries.
- [Partitioned heat conduction: direct access](tutorials-partitioned-heat-conduction-direct.html): A partitioned heat conduction case with Nutils, showcasing the direct mesh access feature.

> - [Partitioned heat conduction: direct access](tutorials-partitioned-heat-conduction-direct.html): An overlapping Schwartz method of the partitioned heat conduction case, coupling two Dirichlet participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Partitioned heat conduction: overlapping Schwarz](tutorials-partitioned-heat-conduction-overlap.html): An overlapping Schwarz method of the partitioned heat conduction case, coupling two Dirichlet participants.
```

- [Oscillator](tutorials-oscillator.html): A simple mass-spring oscillator with two masses, coupling two instances of a Python solver.
- [Oscillator overlap](tutorials-oscillator-overlap.html): An overlapping Schwartz method variant of the Oscillator tutorial, coupling two Dirichlet participants.
- [Volume-coupled diffusion](tutorials-volume-coupled-diffusion.html): An experimental volume coupling scenario, with two FEniCS solvers.
- [Volume-coupled flow](tutorials-volume-coupled-flow.html): An experimental volume coupling scenario, coupling a source term coded in Nutils with a flow in OpenFOAM.
- [ASTE turbine](tutorials-aste-turbine.html): An example case for ASTE to investigate different preCICE mappings using a turbine geometry.
- [Channel transport](tutorials-channel-transport.html): A channel flow coupled to a transport (of, e.g., a chemistry species) in a uni-directional way, with Nutils.
- [Channel transport reaction](tutorials-channel-transport-reaction.html): A channel flow coupled to a transport of a chemical species with reaction in a uni-directional way, with FEniCS.

> - [Two-scale heat conduction](tutorials-two-scale-heat-conduction.html): A heat conduction scenario which has an underlying micro-structure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Two-scale heat conduction](tutorials-two-scale-heat-conduction.html): A heat conduction scenario with an underlying micro-structure which is resolved to get the constitutive properties on the macro scale.
```
